Let's go
Mom, how do you feel better?
OK, I'll deal with this.
What are the opportunities today?
What do you do?
Mr. Ji's kitchen is all in charge
Ji is always my responsibility
But I checked it all just now.
No problem.
I saw Qin Shiyu enter the kitchen today
I wonder what he did in the kitchen.
The old lady's food poisoning thing could be that he came out on purpose
What happened? You were in the kitchen today?
Yes, Mr. Ji
You see, he admitted it himself.
He just deliberately poisoned the old lady and then healed him
To win the favor of the old lady
What do you mean by that?
What is the goal I most want to achieve?
Your purpose is to seduce silence
Watching him find his own white moonlight
So you want to start with the old lady
I want to live in his favor
You really don't take anything to achieve your goal
I really admire your imagination
No matter what you say
You've been to the kitchen, it really doesn't work
I have to investigate
I will never allow someone on the side of the fire to stay here
I went to the kitchen just to get medicine from the fridge
Never touched the food at all
If you don't believe me, check the surveillance.